[DOCS] Add call warning into main docs and remove FAQ item (#5800)
ethereum/solidity: docs/units-and-global-variables.rst

For more information, see the section on :ref:`address`.

.. warning::

>     You should avoid using ``.call()`` when executing another contract function as it bypasses the compiler type checking,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You should avoid using ``.call()`` whenever possible when executing another contract function as it bypasses type checking,
```
